Here is just a thought or two to share on priority considerations: While yes,
this can be arguable perhaps for some, there are a couple of things that
should always be higher on the priorities hierarchy when starting on a scene
in your project and here are a few of my thoughts on such in order of
importance:

Terrain Plane * 
Terrain * 
Player Controller * 
Compass * 
MiniMap *

Everything else.......

* Note - Terrain Plane & Terrain - This should go without saying as it is
  obvious why this is important regardless if it is a test terrain, a fully
  done up terrain, a environment done probuilder, even a pre-made terrain
  asset, etc, etc, obviously you need somewhere to do stuff, lols, but here
  is another thought and it involves another early high priority, can you
  guess what it is?! The Compass! As when setting up the controller and
  compass , you may very well need to rotate the environment if say you have
  odd configurations when including your controller and or terrain..., this
  is something that may wind up being a much larger pain in the arse later
  down the road if such is not set as an early priority to place important
  considerations on. Again, just a thought... :)

* Note: Player Controller  - even if a initially using a test controller that
  you swap out later it is still important because a-lot of things rely on
  such just for a few examples: the Compass! hmm, same goes for any future
  Minimap, and even potentially any future WorldMap addition..., etc, etc.
  Again, just a thought... :)

* Note: Compass - there is a reason why I make these suggestions and it is due
  to considering using a compass and yes this will always be a priority
  before adding a MiniMap and or WorldMap later on priorities list..., etc,
  etc. Again, just a thought... :)

* Note: MiniMap - there is a reason why I make these suggestions and it is due
  to considering using a compass and also a MiniMap. Yes, this will always be
  a priority to say get sorted out before say adding a WorldMap later on the
  priorities list..., and or any other stuff that may come after, etc, etc.
  Again, just a thought... :)

Ok, hopefully these few thoughts make sense and one understands why one took
the time to mention such, as it might be something not thought of and or
overlooked and such suggestions might be kindly helpful for some. Ok that is
pretty much it on that and on that consideration, mkay, then and after...,
everything else can follow after in any determined priority classification.
Again, just a thought... :)
